Boris Johnson has launched the Conservative Party's election campaign, saying his Brexit deal delivers everything I campaigned for. Surrounded by supporters holding signs with messages including Get Brexit Done, he told activists he had no choice but to hold an election. Parliament is paralysed and blocked, he said in Birmingham. He said once Brexit was done, a Tory government could get on with better education and better infrastructure. Earlier, the prime minister met the Queen at Buckingham Palace, marking the official start of the election period in the run-up to the 12 December poll. But Mr Johnson's plans to grab the headlines for his party's campaign launch were blown off course by the resignation of a cabinet minister - an unusual event during an election campaign. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has quit the cabinet after claims he knew about a former aide's role in the sabotage of a rape trial. It comes after two Conservative candidates were forced to apologise for comments about victims of the Grenfell tragedy. Opening the party's campaign launch, the Mayor of the West Midlands, Andy Street said the party's success in the area showed when Conservatives work together at all levels we can do tremendous things. Home Secretary Priti Patel followed, telling a crowd of supporters: This election is a choice between real change or simply more uncertainty, more dither and more delay. And Conservative Party chairman James Cleverly said: We need to break the Brexit deadlock and get on with delivering on voters priorities - something the last Parliament proved incapable of doing. Mr Johnson told the audience the deadlock over Brexit had been like a bendy bus jack-knifed on a yellow box junction no-one can get round it and it is blocking in every direction. We can't go on like this, he added. He said the thing he was most proud of during his 100 days in office was his Brexit deal. Turning his fire on his election opponents, Mr Johnson accused the Labour Party of always running out of other people's money and despite making a raft of his own spending promises, the party leader said Labour know themselves that their policies for the economy are ruinous. Instead, he says voters should come with us and support Tory measures on education, the police and immigration. In contrast, he said a Labour victory would result in another referendum and a second vote on Scottish independence.